apikey = ...
The API key displayed in the browser when opening the following URL directly in a browser

    https://trello.com/app-key while being logged in on Trello.


token = ...
The token is displayed in the browser when interactively accepting the authorization request on the
web page generated when opening an URL like the following (adjust as necessary) directly in a browser:

    https://trello.com/1/authorize?key=7e799f6e7b7933c7a2520b442cde3a81&name=MetOrgTestAuthRequest&expiration=1day&response_type=token&scope=read,write

See https://trello.com/docs/gettingstarted/authorize.html for a full documentation.

-----------------------------------------

p+e289,Q=/

-----------------------------------------

Trello users for MetOrg:

metorg-enol-met@met.no		Ã˜rland meteorolog
metorg-teamleder-met@met.no	teamleder
metorg-va-fly-met1@met.no	VA flymeteorolog
metorg-va-fly-met2@met.no	VA flymeteorolog
metorg-va-fly-met@met.no	VA flymeteorolog
metorg-va-kom-met@met.no	VA kommersiell meteorolog
metorg-va-land-kon@met.no	VA landkonsulent
metorg-va-land-met@met.no	VA landmeteorolog
metorg-va-lang-met@met.no	VA langtidsmeteorolog
metorg-va-skred-met@met.no	VA skredmeteorolog
metorg-va-tv-met@met.no		VA tvmeteorolog
metorg-vnn-fly-met@met.no	VNN flymeteorolog
metorg-vnn-hav-met@met.no	VNN havmeteorolog
metorg-vnn-klima-met@met.no	VNN klimavakt
metorg-vnn-kon1@met.no		VNN konsulent land/hav og yrbesvarelser
metorg-vnn-kon2@met.no		VNN konsulent land/hav og yrbesvarelser
metorg-vnn-land-hav-met@met.no	VNN land- og havmeteorolog
metorg-vnn-land-met@met.no	VNN landmeteorolog
metorg-vv-fly-kon@met.no	VV flykonsulent
metorg-vv-fly-met@met.no	VV flymeteorolog
metorg-vv-hav-met@met.no	VV havmeteorolog
metorg-vv-kom-met@met.no	VV kommersiell meteorolog
metorg-vv-land-hav-met@met.no	VV land- og havmeteorolog
metorg-vv-land-kon@met.no	VV landkonsulent
metorg-vv-land-met@met.no	VV landmeteorolog
metorg-vv-yr-met@met.no		VV yr meteorolog
